Add note for metrics not reported when using Airflow  KubernetesExecutor (#7788)
DataDog/integrations-core: airflow/README.md

#### Step 2: Connect Airflow to DogStatsD (included in the Datadog Agent) by using Airflow `statsd` feature to collect metrics

> **Note**: Presence/Absence of metrics reported by Airflow via StatsD might vary depending on Airflow Executor used. For example: `airflow.ti_failures/successes, airflow.operator_failures/successes, airflow.dag.task.duration` are [not reported for `KubernetesExecutor`][13]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Presence or absence of metrics reported by Airflow from StatsD might vary depending on the Airflow Executor used. For example: `airflow.ti_failures/successes, airflow.operator_failures/successes, airflow.dag.task.duration` are [not reported for `KubernetesExecutor`][13].
```

> **Note**: Presence or absence of metrics reported by Airflow from StatsD might vary depending on the Airflow Executor used. For example: `airflow.ti_failures/successes, airflow.operator_failures/successes, airflow.dag.task.duration` are [not reported for `KubernetesExecutor`][13].

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: Presence or absence of StatsD metrics reported by Airflow might vary depending on the Airflow Executor used. For example: `airflow.ti_failures/successes, airflow.operator_failures/successes, airflow.dag.task.duration` are [not reported for `KubernetesExecutor`][13].
```
